README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=32&duration=2800&pause=2000&color=8B5CF6&center=true&vCenter=true&width=940&lines=Hi+%F0%9F%91%8B%2C+I'm+İlyas+Koç;Full+Stack+Developer+%7C+Software+Developer;Welcome+to+my+GitHub+Profile!" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg" width="100%"/>
</div>

###

<h2 align="center">👩‍💻 <strong>About Me</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<p align="left">
  I'm İlyas Koç, a passionate Full Stack Developer from Kocaeli I love building scalable web applications and always strive to learn new technologies. My goal is to create effective and user-friendly experiences by combining creativity and functionality.<br><br>
  - 💻 I know React, Tailwind CSS, and TanStack Query.<br>
  - 🏄‍♂️ In my free time, I enjoy doing sports, discovering new places, and looking for new challenges.<br>
  - 👨‍💻 I work as a Full Stack Developer.<br>
  - 📚 I'm currently learning Java, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB.<br>
  - 🎯 My goal is to learn .NET 8 and Python.<br>
</p>

<br clear="both">

###

<h2 align="center">🛠 <strong>Language and tools</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<p align="center">
  <table align="center">
    <tr>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>HTML5</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>CSS</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>JavaScript</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>React</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Redux</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Tailwind CSS</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Bootstrap</strong>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Java</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Spring Boot</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>PostgreSQL</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Git</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Azure</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>MongoDB</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>VS Code</strong>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</p>

###

<h2 align="center">🔥 <strong>My Stats</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ilyaskoccc&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ilyaskoccc&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=radical&hide_border=true" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
</div>

###

<h2 align="center">📫 <strong>Reach Me On</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilyaskoccc/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=8B5CF6" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://x.com/iIyaskoc" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=8B5CF6"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ilyaskoccc/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=8B5CF6"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://ilyaskoc.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=8B5CF6" />
</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ilyaskoccc" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ilyaskoccc&label=Profile%20views&color=8B5CF6&style=flat" alt="ilyaskoccc" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=100&section=footer" />
</p>

Commit message:

Update personal introduction and skills in README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/typing-svg">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=32&duration=2800&pause=2000&color=8B5CF6&center=true&vCenter=true&width=940&lines=Hi+%F0%9F%91%8B%2C+I'm+İlyas+Koç;Full+Stack+Developer+%7C+Software+Developer;Welcome+to+my+GitHub+Profile!" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg" width="100%"/>
</div>

###

<h2 align="center">👩‍💻 <strong>About Me</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<p align="left">
  I'm İlyas Koç, a passionate Full Stack Developer based in Istanbul (Kartal). I love building scalable and user-friendly web applications, and I continuously strive to learn new technologies to improve my craft.<br><br>
  
  - 💻 I have experience with React, Tailwind CSS, TanStack Query, Java, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, and MongoDB.<br>
  - 👨‍💻 I'm currently expanding my backend skills by learning ASP.NET and MS SQL.<br>
  - 🏄‍♂️ In my free time, I enjoy sports, discovering new places, and challenging myself with new experiences.<br>
  - 🎯 My long-term goal is to build sustainable, user-friendly, and globally scalable projects.<br>
</p>

<br clear="both">

###

<h2 align="center">🛠 <strong>Language and tools</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<p align="center">
  <table align="center">
    <tr>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>HTML5</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>CSS</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>JavaScript</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>React</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Redux</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Tailwind CSS</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Bootstrap</strong>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Java</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Spring Boot</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>PostgreSQL</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Git</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/azure/azure-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>Azure</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>MongoDB</strong>
      </td>
      <td align="center" width="120">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="50"/><br/>
        <strong>VS Code</strong>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</p>

###

<h2 align="center">🔥 <strong>My Stats</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ilyaskoccc&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true" height="150" alt="stats graph"  />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ilyaskoccc&locale=en&hide_title=false&layout=compact&card_width=320&langs_count=5&theme=radical&hide_border=true" height="150" alt="languages graph"  />
</div>

###

<h2 align="center">📫 <strong>Reach Me On</strong></h2>

###

<br clear="both">

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ilyaskoccc/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=8B5CF6" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://x.com/iIyaskoc" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=8B5CF6"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ilyaskoccc/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=8B5CF6"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://ilyaskoc.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=8B5CF6" />
</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ilyaskoccc" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ilyaskoccc&label=Profile%20views&color=8B5CF6&style=flat" alt="ilyaskoccc" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=100&section=footer" />
</p>
